The goal of this exercise is to design an application that manages the work
process for the construction of the airframe of an Airbus airplane. An Airbus is formed by
pieces. Each piece is identified by a unique reference number. Each new piece is assigned
the first available reference number (the last reference number assigned, plus one).
• The pieces can be simple or composite, i.e. composed of other pieces.
• Simple pieces are divided into screws, plates or tubes.
• Each piece has a weight.
• Each screw has a type, a length and a thread size identified by an integer.
• Each plate has a maximum size represented by a length, a width and a height.
• Each tube has a diameter and a length.

For all pieces, we can compute the total weight, which for composite pieces is computed
as the sum of the weight of the components. We can also compute the volume, which for
plates is approximated as the maximum size (volume of the 3D box that contains it), and
for tubes is defined by the length and diameter (in this approximation, screws do not have a
volume). Again, for composite pieces the volume is computed as the sum of the volume of
the components.
The Airbus factories are distributed in different countries. Each factory has different work
groups that are in charge of constructing the pieces. A work group has an associated name,
and consists of persons that have a given job, which can be manager or worker. One manager
acts as the director of the work group. Each work group is in charge of constructing a certain
number of pieces of different types, and different work groups can construct the same piece.
For each piece, the work group has an associated delivery date. The delivery date of simple
pieces has to be before the delivery date of composite pieces that contain these simple pieces.
The system should be able to test that this condition is satisfied using a method.
Design the application previously described, including the classes and class relations, as well
as the attributes and methods of each class. It is necessary to include constructor methods,
and when a class has attributes that are empty at the time of creation or initialized to a default
value, it is necessary to include getter and setter methods. If attributes are initialized in the
constructor, it is not necessary to include getters and setters.